I said beauty is so fitch.
and today you have to right to know that
here my mother is cutting
so car but yes I will give some tips
How do you wear your helmet?
left wing
thank you guys
so it's debts that I give an example
it's the sticker
here I won a partner there and then né
I do not know if it 's who you are, it's not what
got arrangement is there at night time
of my cousin and at the time I took the
develop smell began to stick in the
balance mother to save the hitachi goes
roll over there how the son was just me
I took the law 12 on one side and me on
another house where I learned and one of qix
and john skate board is in front the goal
more beautiful but joão vicente da raps
never seen the ex and put it there
I did not want to raps it as I already had how to stay
a way to cut from here I did not go out in
that the internet cut here people
come along fast so will see is
leave your comment
video management arm is straight to a
difficult maneuver you want to learn and
even sending I'll teach you you're
So it was worth the show from King George VI.
where there when natel and will